perfect yeah it's a nice base to start
with so we're out here in Jordan's
garage and he's about to show us how
easy it is to use paint shop for
airbrushing and it looks like you got a
great piece here to work with yeah how
was it really cool because they're easy
and they're small and you don't need to
have a big paint gun to do it and we're
going to use some paint shop candy
colors because we want that silver to
show through right yeah it's going to be
basically whatever candy color we shoot
over the silver base it would be metal
flake candy apple green red or nice and
I noticed you got if you have some
tricks up your sleeve to make this nice
and simple and easy once I tape off the
little panels of quarter-inch tape will
spray a base and then i have the simple
little template to make fish scales and
sun rays and everything else awesome
pretty simple show me how yeah
so the plan here is obviously for the
taped off spots to have that silver
showing through and we're just going to
exactly when you pull them you'll have
silver metal flake outlining your
colored stuff and it just adds to the
finishing effect so it's pretty cool and
then for this top panel what I'm going
to do is run basically a little crazy
pipeline of tape and when you peel it
after you spray candy over that please
the kind of cool design I just almost
have it all taped off we're gonna do now
is I'm actually gonna take the fat tape
and I'm going to block off the line that
separates all the panels you don't have
to usually you can spray it and black in
it that separates all the panels with
the jet black it just gives it that
different panel look and that it looks
like all the paint is lower it gives
them damn all right so you got it all
taped off and now what's next color yeah
I mean basically what i want to do is do
the top with a light candy coat around
all the piping on here and then we'll
black in the edge at the end but i kind
of want to leave this panel silver and
then just have the colored piping in it
you know it'll make for a nice little
transition and then the sides we're
probably going to do fish gills and two
greens on this side now we'll do fish
scales into blues on this side and then
on the back I was thinking about some
red big scales or sun rays they call so
cool well la will do it right now and
you don't reduce this right because no
Stu airbrushing you do have to reduce
yeah mostly Russian you do and with the
paint shop I'd like to get a nice
colorful coat on it if you reduce if you
reduce it like other airbrush paint then
if you want a really light color it's I
reduce it but other other than a tight I
don't and it turns out real thick and
colorful so
go ahead sir show me how
basically I've made this plastic
template you can get them a little stiff
flexible plastic anywhere I basically
just cut equal scales one row and what I
do I make a whole panel and fish scales
and you highlight it with a darker color
and it kind of looks like it's a fish
nice it's pretty cool I got some smaller
ones too I'll show you but that you
start and then where the bottoms of the
scales go when you move it down they go
to the tip of each round and then vice
versa so you basically like that all the
way down so they're staggered and it
actually turns out pretty cool so I'll
show you show you how it goes nice
see if I missed anything and I could see
the little lightning some spots so I can
just go through and the pop a little bit
back in there and we're almost ready to
clear up of it that looks awesome
I'm impatient so I usually just pull the
tape right away the longer it sits that
easier it's going to be in the less
little chips you might get on the edge
and you might have to clean that up or
something but if you let it dry for
10-15 minutes it's it's the best to pull
off the tape and you're good to go
wow man that came out awesome yeah
pretty stoked about it and what schools
we just cleared this 20 minutes ago and
you can touch it and about four more
coats are clear and this thing will be
ready to take some abuse yeah yeah it
looks awesome and that was so easy I
think I could even do it next time Oh
easy I taught myself in the garage cool
we go sweet let's get some more clear on
it
you